open AI invited myself and my son Imran
here uh to try out some of their new
technology and so we're curious about
how good it might be at tutoring someone
in math on Khan Academy so let's get it
started it's loading
up all right make sure I can see our
screen actually in in this form hello
there I'm here with my son and I'd love
you to tutor him on this math problem
but don't give him the answer you can
ask questions and nudge him in the right
direction but I really want to make sure
he understands it himself and he's here
in the room so you can talk to him
directly of course I'd be happy to help
let's look at the problem
together can you first
identify which sides of the triangle are
the opposite adjacent and hypotenuse
relative to angle Alpha all right so I'm
pretty sure this is the angle Alpha
right here right per correct now looking
at the triangle which side do you think
is the
hypotenuse
um the hypoten I'm not totally sure I
think I think it might be this one but I
really am not sure this side
AC you're close actually side AC is
called the adjacent side to the angle
Alpha the hypotenuse is the longest side
of a right Tri triangle and is directly
opposite the right angle can you find
which one is the hypotenuse oh okay I
see so um I think the hypotenuse is this
really long side from A to B would that
be
correct exactly well done now that
you've identified the hypotenuse can you
identify which side is the opposite side
to angle Alpha okay well I mean you told
me earlier that this was the adjacent
side and I know that's the hypotenuse so
I'm gu guessing that this side BC is the
opposite
side great deduction that's absolutely
correct now that you've identified all
the sides relative to angle Alpha do you
remember the formula for finding the
sign of an angle in a right triangle
yeah I know that um the sign is equal to
the opposite over the
hypotenuse perfect that's absolutely
right now can you apply that formula to
find sign Alpha in the triangle using
the lengths of the sides that we've
identified okay so I mean you told me
that seven this side BC is the opposite
side and then you said that the
hypotenuse is the longest side so that
would be this side AB which is 25 so
would we would the answer be 7 over
25 excellent work that's correct sin
Alpha = 7 over
25 you did a great job identifying the
sides and using the sign formula if you
have any more questions feel free to ask